====== usecounter Plugin ======

---- plugin ----
description: Provides a helper that can be used in other plugins to count the occurences of any object with an arbitrary identifier.
author     : Thomas Schäfer
email      : thomas@hilbershome.de 
type       : helper
lastupdate : 2023-01-31
compatible : 2020-07-29 "Hogfather",2022-07-31 "Igor"
depends    : 
conflicts  : 
similar    : 
tags       : helper,counter

downloadurl: https://github.com/ternite/dokuwiki-plugin-usecounter/archive/v0.8.zip
bugtracker : https://github.com/ternite/dokuwiki-plugin-usecounter/issues
sourcerepo : https://github.com/ternite/dokuwiki-plugin-usecounter
donationurl: 

screenshot_img : 
----

===== Installation =====

Install the plugin using the [[plugin:plugin|Plugin Manager]] and the download URL above, which points to latest version of the plugin. Refer to [[:Plugins]] on how to install plugins manually.

===== What's it for? =====

This plugin provides a helper class that manages the amount of occurences of any given object.

There are two simple mechanics that can be used.

  - incUsageOf(string $id) - indicates to the helper that the object with the given identifier is used (once more). The helper internally counts the amount of uses for this identifier.
  - amountOfUses(string $id) - returns an integer value of the amount of uses.

The helper is implemented as a Singleton instance, so a particular identifier could be used accross multiple plugins. Keep this in mind when choosing an identifier.

===== Syntax =====

There is no wiki syntax involved.

===== Configuration and Settings =====

**No configuration settings available.**

===== Development =====

[[https://github.com/ternite/dokuwiki-plugin-usecounter|Sources]] on github.

=== Change Log ===

  * **2023-01-31**
    * v0.8 (Initial release)

=== Known Bugs and Issues ===

See [[https://github.com/ternite/dokuwiki-plugin-usecounter/issues|issue tracker]] on github.

===== FAQ =====

None, yet.

===== Discussion =====

Start here.